Add new package with renderToMarkup export (#30105)
facebook/react: packages/react-html/README.md

# `react-html`

> This package provides the ability to render standalone HTML from Server Components for use in embedded contexts such as e-mails and RSS/Atom feeds. It cannot use Client Components and aren't hydrated. It is intended to be paired with the generic React package, which is shipped as `react` to npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides the ability to render standalone HTML from Server Components for use in embedded contexts such as e-mails and RSS/Atom feeds. It cannot use Client Components and does no hydrate. It is intended to be paired with the generic React package, which is shipped as `react` to npm.
```

## Installation

```sh
npm install react react-html
```

## Usage

```js
import { renderToMarkup } from 'react-html';
import EmailTemplate from './my-email-template-component.js'

async function action(email, name) {
  "use server";
  // ... in your server, e.g. a Server Action...
  const htmlString = await renderToMarkup(<EmailTemplate name={name} />);
  // ... send e-mail using some e-mail provider
  await sendEmail({ to: email, contentType: 'text/html', body: htmlString });
}
```

> Note that this is an async function that need to be awaited - unlike the legacy `renderToString` in `react-dom`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this is an async function that needs to be awaited - unlike the legacy `renderToString` in `react-dom`.
```
